Sato's going to kill people.
We can't let him do this.
[Kei] It doesn't make any sense to me.
So something happens
to a few strangers here.
That's none of my concern.
What is wrong with him?
What is wrong with him?!
[over TV] He will attack
the Grant Pharmaceuticals facility
on Wednesday,
ten days from now at 3:00 p.m.
[Sokabe] There's very little time.
You were once my mentor.
Have you still got it?
[Ogura screaming]
What is the matter with you?
Do you think you're an Ajin yourself?
Just bring me my brand of smokes.
That's all you gotta do.
So, from today on
this is our new home.
I'll explain the plan.
[laughs] So, we're really going through
with it?
Is this actually gonna work?
I'm sure the other side
will be on alert and waiting for us.
[Sato] The plan takes that into account.
All right then, let's do it.
We'll just redraw the map ourselves.
AJIN: DEMI-HUMAN
♪ Do you sleep well? ♪
♪ Did your wounds heal? ♪
♪ Just cos' they say
The night is lonely ♪
♪ You don't have to force yourself
To love someone ♪
♪ They say I'm dreaming ♪
♪ They say I'm sobbing ♪
♪ They say I tried to die
Without knowing ♪
♪ Did you manage
To hide? ♪
♪ Did you hold
Your breath? ♪
♪ Just cos' they say it's tough now ♪
♪ You don't have to force yourself
To change ♪
♪ Even a brave savage ♪
♪ Even a troubled lamb ♪
♪ They are just wandering through life ♪
♪ So I don't stand out ♪
♪ So I can put up with it ♪
♪ So my train of thought won't stop yet ♪
♪ Tonight run away, run a way
It's unbelievable ♪
♪ Someone take my hand ♪
♪ The tomorrow we can't see
Doesn't have to come ♪
♪ Now I just want to sleep ♪
THEY START TO DECAY
AS SOON AS THEY'RE CREATED
So, where shall we start?
-What do you think, Four-Eyes?
[Ogura] Start wherever you want.
Whatever the order,
I intend to hear everything you know.
Hm. How unimaginative.
Advance.
What?
Oh, right. You call them variants.
Ajins that can summon Black Ghosts.
In recent years, Ajins have started
to realize something new about themselves.
The fact that they can create another body
completely separate from themselves.
You mean IBM.
[Ogura] Every Ajin's IBM
is shaped a little differently.
Their hands and mouth areas
are their most distinctive features.
These tend to be weaponized.
Actually, I refer to these
as vestiges of the soul.
After all, humans' first weapons
were their nails and teeth.
[Tosaki sighs]
Unlike the Ajins themselves,
IBMs have no cerebral limit
to their physical strength.
They can do physical feats
far beyond what humans can.
Just tell me your results,
not how you got them.
That time that when you were telling us.
IBMs aren't as all-powerful as you think.
They have various weak points.
What are their weak points?
The unknown substance
these IBMs are made of
is extremely unstable.
They start to decay
as soon as they're created.
So, what does that mean?
It means that within 10 minutes
after they're summoned,
IBMs disappear on their own.
I mean after all,
they're made of something
that defies the laws of the universe.
They can't be summoned
over and over again.
Once or twice a day at the most.
So that's why the Hat
didn't use his IBM when he rescued Nagai.
No, that was different.
It was raining that day.
-So?
-As I said,
IBMs are always in a state of decay.
They give off
special electromagnetic waves,
like radioisotopes.
The Ajins communicate
with their IBMs through these waves.
[grunts]
You know how sometimes it's hard
to get good radio reception on rainy days?
It's just like that.
IBMs are difficult to control in the rain.
I see.
IBMs are really quite powerful,
but they're poorly made.
Do you think
you can do something about them?
Uh...
One more thing I want to ask.
[Izumi] Look.
This is video footage
recorded by a bystander.
[Ogura] The Shinya Nakamura incident, huh?
You said that IBMs could
only be summoned once or twice a day.
But in this video,
it looks as though there are multiple IBMs
existing simultaneously.
[Ogura] There is no precedent
for recordings of this phenomenon,
not even in America.
This is good material.
So, you do know.
It seems to me that you believe
that killing the Ajin
was the actual trigger for this incident,
but that's a rather large mistake
on your part.
We call this phenomenon a flood.
What's a flood?
It's a phenomenon
that happens extremely rarely,
when emotions occur at regeneration.
So you don't need to worry much
about killing Ajins.
Did you learn anything?
Anyway, that's all I got for today.
I finished my cigarette.
GRANT PHARMACEUTICALS
[thudding]
[grunting and yelling]
Damn it.
[panting]
[rattling]
[Ko] Huh?
You.
Huh? Aah!
[grunts]
[Kei] It's food.
Although I guess starving to death
is no big deal.
Better not be poison mushrooms again.
I've learned more
about those types of plants.
If I felt like it,
I could do better this time.
And books?
Did you bring any of those?
-They're in the bag.
-Huh?
Isn't there anything else,
like comics or something?
You're acting like a child.
Same to you. And I want a TV.
Don't be so selfish.
Hey, wait! Come back! Hey! Come on!
It's not fair!
Come back here!
[blows landing]
[Kei IBM] You're acting like a child.
[Kei sighs] It's just as bad as ever.
[sighs]
Oh, man.
Why is everyone around me so childish?
Don't be so selfish.
Forget it, do whatever you want.
Hm? Uh--
What is it you want now, you creep?
Go away.
Show some gratitude.
So, do you finally feel like
listening to me?
Okay, then follow me.
-No.
-Uh...
What is your problem?.
No.
Fine, be like that.
Uh...
Could it be that this thing does...?
[Kei] Don't chop that tree. Move.
It's true.
It does the opposite of whatever I say.
This thing has a serious attitude problem.
[twigs snaps]
I don't know you. Who are you?
Huh?
Mrs. Yamanaka from the village.
I'm actually her grandson.
I'm staying with her
but only for the summer.
Mrs. Yamanaka's grandson?
Now that you mention it,
I think I did hear she had a grandkid.
What are you doing out here?
Walking. It's such nice weather.
Huh. Walking, huh?
Lately there have been a lot of people
dumping their trash out here,
or stealing plants and mushrooms.
You better not be one of them.
[chuckles]
[scoffs]
Outsiders shouldn't roam
the mountains alone.
Kids should just play video games
or something.
Sorry, I'll be careful.
-Hmm.
[Kei] Man, what a creep.
[Yamanaka] Oh, oh, that feels so good. Ah.
You're good at massages
for someone so young.
Thanks for saying so. Glad you like it.
Hm. Ahh. Oh.
That feels so much better.
[sighs]
I appreciate
you going to all this trouble.
It's no trouble,
you've been doing so much for me.
Well, feel free to tell me
if there's anything you need.
Okay, thanks.
Actually,
there's something I would like to ask you.
Yes?
Oh, that would be Mr. Kita.
You know him?
Well, it is a small town after all.
He used to bring his son over here
to play when he was young.
So, you get along?
Well, I suppose so.
Did something happen?
Actually, his son went off
and married a young hussy.
They sold off the land and fields
without his knowledge.
Basically, they ran off
with his entire fortune.
[sighs]
Since then he's become very suspicious.
Like he just doesn't trust people
in general.
He's afraid to keep money on hand,
so, he puts everything he has
in the stock market.
It's not right.
Oh, I see.
You should stay away from Mr. Kita.
Hm.
[Horiguchi] Ah, Mrs. Yamanaka's grandson?
I think his name was Ryota or something.
He's sure grown up since I last saw him.
But is it true?
Is what true?
Is he really Mrs. Yamanaka's grandson?
Well, uh, Mrs. Yamanaka said he is.
Is there something strange about him?
He stinks.
Huh?
He smells.
He's got the same stench
as that tramp who tricked my son.
Like someone who's very dangerous.
Horiguchi, as head of the village council,
it's your responsibility.
If you wait till he starts some trouble,
it's too late.
Trouble, huh?
Ah?
[groans]
[Kouma] Those are your countermeasures?
Yes.
This is what we will present to police
based on what we know about Ajins.
[sighs] There's no scientific proof
it'll work.
Are you mocking us or what?
We may as well be talking with Ogura
right now.
These are the most efficient measures
available based on the previous attack.
[Futoi] That's enough.
I can't listen to any more of this.
[Wakai] Sokabe, inform your superiors
and remove Tosaki.
-I'm afraid I can't.
[Wakai] Wha...?
Gentlemen,
concentrating all your criticism
on Mr. Tosaki is a mistake.
What do you mean?
Not a single person here
has said anything effective
or produced any research results
-that are useful.
[Futoi] Well...
However, it's not too late.
Does anyone here
have a plan ready to present?
[sighs]
If you have nothing better,
then doing as Mr. Tosaki says
is the best course we have.
To be honest, I never thought
that you'd be backing me up.
I'm completely neutral here.
My only responsibility is to report back
to my superiors about your work.
How did it go?
It was pretty much as you said.
Mr. Tosaki is acting strangely.
It's clear he knows too much.
And of course that means...
Yes.
Ikuya Ogura is alive.
I've gotta hand it to him.
To think he'd meddle
with one of the Americans.
[laughing]
That man's crossed a line for us
that we never could.
Right.
Sokabe,
we have no knowledge of this.
Is that clear?
As in, we know nothing.
So, Tosaki is acting
under his own authority then.
Let's have him continue to do
whatever he can.
And once the situation is under control...
Hm.
They'll have you take responsibility
and then you'll disappear.
Let the cards fall.
The president of Grant Pharmaceuticals,
whose headquarters has been threatened,
is currently addressing the media.
Let's go there now, live.
[man 1] Are you prepared for the attack?
[woman] Some sources say
that you will continue work
as usual on the day of the attack.
We continue to consult
with the board of directors.
We have requested tight security measures
from police and associated agencies.
There's nothing to worry--
But what about the safety
of your employees?
-What will you do?
-Listen, we're a pharmaceutical company.
In order to help the sick and ailing,
we can't afford to stop work.
-Are those your only comments?
-That is all.
[man 2]
Is this affecting your stock prices?
[Kei] Looks like the current here
isn't all that strong.
Hm.
An old well. This could be useful.
This must be a charcoal-making hut.
Uh... Good afternoon.
[scoffs]
This is trouble.
[Horiguchi] It's just as Mr. Kita says.
There's something going on with him.
If there weren't,
he wouldn't be sniffing around everywhere.
Now that you mention it,
Mrs. Yamanaka said her grandson
had gotten in trouble with the police.
A criminal record at that age?
[Tomizawa] You can't judge a person
just by appearances.
[Horiguchi] But just as Mr. Kita said,
he might not even be her grandson.
He might be deceiving Mrs. Yamanaka too.
[both] Huh?
What do you want?
Um...
It seems there's been a misunderstanding,
so, I thought maybe we could talk it over.
Misunderstanding?
It's not just today.
You were snooping around outside
the other day, too.
[sighs]
Well...
I don't... get to spend
much time in nature.
You just showed up out of nowhere.
Why should we believe
you're really Ryoji, anyway?
Huh?
Um... My name isn't actually Ryoji,
it's Ryota.
[mutters]
May I sit down?
[Horiguchi] Huh? Uh...
[grunts]
It is true that I've been a troublemaker.
And I've betrayed a lot of people,
acted selfishly.
I guess you're aware
that earlier this year I was arrested.
I was charged with stealing.
I was kicked out of school,
and then cut off by my parents
and my only sister.
So, I decided to come here.
Until all that happened, I...
I didn't realize that a person can't...
Just can't make it alone.
Oh.
And now, this place
is the only thing I have left.
I didn't introduce myself.
That's why you're suspicious.
It's just...
I'm hoping you'll allow me
to stay here.
[both] Oh.
I don't think that this kid
is really such a horrible person.
Yeah.
His story pretty much makes sense.
If he weren't who he says he is,
it wouldn't come out so smooth.
But listen, kid,
we can't say you're really one of us
just because of that, you know.
Of course. I understand that.
So, uh, just to express my gratitude...
Ah.
[laughs]
Now that's very nice of you.
Well, anyway, that's all cleared up now.
So, let's have a drink.
[grunts]
[Tomizawa] Cups. Where are the cups?
[Kei] So, that just leaves Mr. Kita.
[Horiguchi] You know, I think that
Mr. Kita was out of line about you.
[Tomizawa]
Seriously, to doubt a kid like this?
[Kei] It looks like I don't have
to deal with him for now.
[Sato] We are like a team of desperadoes.
Not some rag-tag bunch.
This is our opportunity
to finally prove that to the public.
And to that end,
we've put together a detailed plan
which will keep us
one step ahead of the enemy,
and we've prepared everything.
The plan is more important than anything.
As one commander used to say,
"I love it when--"
[Tanaka] "--a plan comes together." Right?
Exactly.
[laughs]
This is amazing, huh?
I don't usually pat myself on the back,
but I outdid myself.
It's awesome.
[door clanking]
All right, now we go.
TO BE CONTINUED
♪ If my wish would come true ♪
♪ Once again ♪
♪ I wanna touch your heart ♪
♪ No matter how dark it gets ♪
♪ I'll be searching ♪
♪ For my one ♪
♪ And only light ♪
♪ As I look up to the stars ♪
♪ Even though you are far ♪
♪ You're looking up
At the same starry sky ♪
♪ In the sky of my heart ♪
♪ It's about to spill over ♪
♪ Your smile and ♪
♪ Your warmth ♪
♪ Hear me ♪
♪ Until I went away and ♪
♪ Faced the lonely days ♪
♪ I thought I could understand ♪
♪ What it means to love ♪
♪ Feeling everything that ♪
♪ Was right in front of me ♪
♪ Losing something precious ♪
♪ Realizing real love ♪
♪ I'll tell you now ♪
♪ Just how close you are ♪